my geological researches allow me to
track the Byrnes family as far back as
1643 it's always been a patriarch to
lead our family through good times and
bad so I asked you Greg
if I go down are you prepared to be the
godfocker the godfocker it's an attitude
Greg it's the way that you carry
yourself and lets them know that the
buck stops with you Henry you're gonna
have your lasagna said he was feeling
kind of queasy Henry I'm your father
and then requesting the beauty the
lasagna thank you son I can't wait to
see those little right Nina and
I will be there in approximately 18
seconds hello jack Jack if you do the
honors you have the turkey Cobra now
thank you jack it's an honor
I'm sure you have what it takes to be
the godfocker I'm watching you I have my
stamp so I'll be watching you watching
me we've had this date since the
beginning Craig
there are a lot of family dynamics at
play here meet the parents little
out of the ball